15410: Storybook Component - ErrorableDate (#488)
department-of-veterans-affairs/veteran-facing-services-tools: packages/formation-react/src/components/ErrorableDate/ErrorableDate.stories.mdx

<!--- ErrorableDate.stories.mdx -->

import ErrorableDate from './ErrorableDate';
import { Meta, Story, Canvas } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { useState } from 'react';

<Meta title="Library/ErrorableDate" component={ErrorableDate} />

# ErrorableDate

---

#### Date Object

The date Object should look this:

```javascript
  date: {
    day: {
      value: '01',
      dirty: false,
    },
    month: {
      value: '04',
      dirty: false,
    },
    year: {
      value: '1976',
      dirty: false,
    },
  }
```

#### Sample Code

```javascript
import ErrorableDate from '@department-of-veterans-affairs/formation-react/ErrorableDate';

<ErrorableDate
  required={true}
  label="Please tell us a date"
  name="Errorable Date"
  requiredMessage="Please provide a response"
  invalidMessage="Please provide a valid date"
  date={date}
  onValueChange={(date) => setDate(date)}
/>;
```

> #### Example of How to Add State to a Template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example of How to Add State to a Storybook Story
```
